PLAINTIFF'S ORIGINAL PETITION

TO THE HONORABLE JUDGE OF SAID COURT:

COMES NOW, the Plaintiff, by and through undersigned counsel, and files this Original Petition against Defendant, and in support thereof would respectfully show unto the Court as follows:

I. PARTIES

1. Plaintiff is an individual residing in Harris County, Texas. Plaintiff is a natural person and citizen of the United States of America.

2. Defendant is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, with its principal place of business located in Houston, Harris County, Texas. Defendant may be served with process through its registered agent for service of process, CT Corporation System, at 1999 Bryan Street, Suite 900, Dallas, Texas 75201.

II. JURISDICTION AND VENUE

3. This Court has jurisdiction over this matter pursuant to the Texas Constitution, Article V, Section 8, and Section 24.007 of the Texas Government Code, inasmuch as the amount in controversy exceeds the minimum jurisdictional limits of this Court.

4. Venue is proper in Harris County, Texas, pursuant to Section 15.002(a)(1) of the Texas Civil Practice and Remedies Code, because all or a substantial part of the events or omissions giving rise to the claim occurred in Harris County, Texas.

III. FACTUAL BACKGROUND

5. On or about January 15, 2024, Plaintiff and Defendant entered into a contractual agreement whereby Defendant agreed to provide certain services to Plaintiff in exchange for remuneration in the amount of $50,000.00. A true and correct copy of the aforementioned agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference for all purposes.

6. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the aforesaid agreement, Defendant was obligated to complete the specified services no later than June 15, 2024. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Defendant failed, refused, and continues to refuse to perform its obligations thereunder.

7. As a direct and proximate result of Defendant's breach of contract, Plaintiff has sustained damages in an amount to be determined at trial but which Plaintiff believes to be in excess of the minimum jurisdictional limits of this Court.

IV. CAUSES OF ACTION

8. Plaintiff incorporates by reference the allegations contained in the preceding paragraphs as if fully set forth herein.

9. The actions and omissions of Defendant, as described hereinabove, constitute a material breach of the agreement between the parties. Plaintiff has performed all conditions precedent to the enforcement of the agreement, or alternatively, such conditions have been waived or excused.

10. Defendant's breach has caused Plaintiff to suffer actual damages, consequential damages, and incidental damages, all of which are recoverable under the common law of the State of Texas.

V. PRAYER FOR RELIEF

WHEREFORE, PREMISES CONSIDERED, Plaintiff prays that Defendant be cited to appear and answer herein, and that upon final trial or hearing hereof, Plaintiff have and recover:

a. Judgment against Defendant for actual damages in an amount to be determined by the trier of fact;
b. Consequential and incidental damages as permitted by law;
c. Pre-judgment and post-judgment interest at the highest rate permitted by applicable law;
d. Reasonable and necessary attorney's fees and costs of court;
e. Such other and further relief, at law or in equity, to which Plaintiff may show herself justly entitled.

Respectfully submitted,

[Attorney Signature Block]
